If you wanna improve
this app a little bit,
I have two bonuses that you can
check in the companion website.
It's in section six, where you can
actually add likes with the LikeManager.
You have the code here.
So you can test yourself to
see if you can make it work.
And it's going to save it locally.
So you can actually make fabrics or
you can like elements,
and next time you open the app,
it's going to appear.
And also another is a filter.
A filter is to actually make
your list searchable, okay?
So you have here the code,
I wanna see if you are able to play
with this on your own, and make it work.
If there are no more questions,
I think we can finish this course.
I hope it was useful, you learn SwiftUI
and how to make iOS applications.
And I hope to see your apps in the App
Store, making a lot of money, I guess.
Thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE]